what's up everybody my name is crazy
nice to meet you today I am back with
another video and I know this is kind of
a weird setting it's like white and I
got this like chair today I am in a
beach house I'm not in my regular house
but that's okay so today I am doing a
video on traveling which I've never done
before it's going to be in like travel
hair makeup outfit carry-on essentials
all that sort of stuff jam-packed into
one video for you guys today if you guys
like this video don't forget to give it
a thumbs up and also take the time to
subscribe if you're not already and
without further ado let's go ahead let's
go ahead and get into the video starting
off with the makeup I first applied my
moisturizer this is by a Neutrogena and
I loved it and then I went into my
primer to keep my face makeup last seen
a long time for my actual face makeup I
just went in with a BB cream because
these are super super light on your skin
they don't feel heavy like a foundation
plus they have SPF in it so just to
cover up a little bit more I use my
Maybelline fit me concealer and applied
that underneath my eyes and around my
nose
after I blended that out I went in with
my Rimmel stay matte pressed powder to
set that all and then I filled in my
eyebrows because I can't go anywhere
without filling them in so I just used
this NYX eyebrow cake powder and applied
some lip balm onto my lips okay so
because I don't really like to wear
eyeshadow on the airplane because I
think it's a little bit of a hassle I
just applied my Mac Paint Pot in the
shade painterly all of my lids and then
lined them with this really natural
brown eyeliner and then I just curled my
eyelashes and apply to my favorite two
covergirl mascara for my cheeks I
applied this cheek stain by it tart I
think it looks super natural on when you
blend it so I love it and then I applied
a Baby Lips on to my lips just for a
little bit of color Donna and almond and
that is the finished makeup look I hope
you guys like it I think it's super
quick and easy to do it so when you're
traveling it's perfect Ryan Ryan so I
think that this hairstyle is super super
easy but I also think it's really cute
so I began by putting some dry shampoo
throughout my roots and brushing out my
hair I created a middle part in my hair
and then split it and have to begin
braiding both of the sides I've actually
been doing this a lot recently because
it's really cute I think it personally I
like it better than just like a regular
side
i braided my hair all the way down and
then tied it off with an elastic and of
course did the exact same thing on the
other side so that is the finished
hairstyle you can make it a little bit
more messy if you want to I didn't just
because I knew it would get messy
eventually but I think this is a great
way to get your hair out of your face
when you're traveling as for my carry-on
essentials of course I need a ginormous
backpack so that's what I got and then I
like to bring all of my electronics with
me just so they can I don't know be next
to me I guess so I can use them so I
brought my computer and my iPad and my
phone and my polaroid and all that kind
of stuff so I can survive the plane
you also need to remember to bring the
things that you need for those
electronics so I brought my film and my
Chargers I also brought a book just in
case I've been reading this one recently
and my headphones because I don't know
you hate to forget them and then just be
stuck with all these crying children so
yeah I also brought my youtube notebook
just to jot down any ideas and of course
food that is a necessity so I brought a
Clif Bar and of course candy sour patch
kids are my favorite I like to bring my
brush with me on my carry-on cuz I don't
know you never know when you're gonna
need it so you need that and of course a
hair tie I always bring my makeup and my
brushes with me in my backpack just so
they don't get jumbled around and broken
in my actual suitcase so I packed all of
that stuff up in my makeup bags and
brought all of my liquids that were
three ounces or under in a quart size
bag and gum but all I had was mint show
we're just gonna go with it and of
course my sunglasses because it's
summertime and I need them as for my
airplane outfit I like to always wear
some kind of a romper or something
because I think they're really quick to
throw on this one that I have on is from
Aeropostale and for my shoes I like to
wear something bigger they don't have to
pack on my suitcase so either vans or
converse and I always tend to get cold
on the airplane so instead of a blanket
I brought this sweater from a brainy
mobile it's really really soft and
comfortable
I wanted to quickly tell you guys that I
made a vlog channel and a lot of you
guys have already subscribed so thank
you I love you but if you haven't you
should totally go and subscribe if you
want to watch my first vlog then you can
go ahead and click the screen or I will
have a link in the description box to
the actual channel so yeah I just want
to tell you guys that quick update I
hope you guys enjoyed it I love you to
the moon and back and I will talk to you
in my next video adios my people of the
internet okay